yo what's going on guys toke here and
I'm back on the mend 15 ultimate team if
the day is starting the challenge series
as I told you guys in my last video
we're going to start doing challenges in
the game to make them more interesting
and in this game we're running nothing
but the Wildcat no other plays but the
Wildcat formation as you can see man
Adrian Peterson taking up 22 on the
first carry basically getting us to
midfield here we are we got Bo Jackson
and now he does have a great artist he's
gonna deliver a dot right there Dez
Bryant with the catch for the 40-yard
line now these challenge games are going
to be difficult some are going to be
easier than others as Bo Jackson down
the sidelines going to get pushed out of
bounds at the 3-yard line and we've
really moved the football on our first
drive is we're going to find an open guy
is Bo Jackson's delivering a dot and
we're into the end zone 720 mithi now in
these challenge game guys you guys have
suggested different formations different
plays and what I have to do is I have to
run that same formation of that same
play like special teams fake punt thanks
bye fake field goal you know triple
option Hail Marys the entire game win or
lose doesn't matter I have to stick with
that scheme as Khalil Mack gets the
interception he's off to the races and
we are up 14 to 0 so the Wildcat
challenge is definitely looking good for
us so far but yeah this is going to be a
definitely a really fun challenge for me
to do it's my way to interact with you
guys a little bit I've gotten some great
suggestions on Twitter um so we're gonna
be doing the challenge games guys be
sure if you want to see more challenge
games like this in the future to drop a
like on this video show the support for
the video and I will continue to pump
out these challenge episodes left and
right but let's get right back into the
game 14 to 0 right now first it said
he's launching a deep trying to get the
face catch nah no way locking it down
second and 10 giving it back man just
basically always losing 14 20 he's tried
to ground and pound his way into the end
zone and he's picking up great yardage
man who's getting four yards of carry
that's gonna be a first down and that's
what he needs so here he is once again
going up the middle it's only a matter
of time until we pop him one time and he
fumbles the football but until then he's
definitely doing a great job running the
football the Wildcat is extremely
difficult
if you don't know what you're doing I
promise you guys the Wildcat is super
super Opie and especially when you have
Bo Jackson Barry Sanders Adrian Peterson
and even Steve Young at the wide
receiver position as you guys can see
later on in this episode but I had a ton
I mean a ton of fun playing this game as
we do get a turnover on downs right
there and then Bo Jackson off to the
outside spinnin breaking off tackles
down the sideline one man to beat and we
could not break that tackle definitely
in a great run though once again at the
34 slinging it Rob Gronkowski Bo Jackson
out here throwing docks man if you guys
doubt bo Jackson he has a cannon so here
we are giving it the Steve Young he's
going to catch it and get a fumble at
the goal line but we are gonna pick it
up third in one this is where it gets
tough man the Wildcat is tough in these
short yardage situations as it's going
to be a loss of four right there it's
gonna be a fourth and five bo Jackson's
slinging it we're gonna find Steve yo
and he's gonna get tackled from behind I
thought for sure we're gonna be able to
turn around and get into the end zone it
I got a lot of fun episodes coming up
guys i cannot wait for you guys bro nice
catch right there by my opponent I
cannot wait for you guys to see it
especially like the field fake field
goal episode the triple option the gun
heavy if you want to see a certain
formation like I said man let me know
down in the comments section I will try
to do as many as I can guys this is
definitely just trying to take a break
from Matt who try to watch what Rob
Gronkowski three guys on him and he goes
ahead and he gets big nice pass right
there by Bo Jackson here we are bad
holes for days and he's off to the races
once again man the floodgates are open
14 to seven down to the 8-yard line now
Adrian Peterson trying to play the
quarterback position and he's going to
get wrapped up right there second and go
up to 12 back to AP we're going to pitch
it to Barry Sanders and nobody is there
on the good tape and we're into the end
zone 21 to seven so now here he is once
again throwing a deep man just abusive
abusing
Antonio Cromartie if I say so myself man
first and 10 at the 22 yard line can you
say bum oh and we're going to pick it up
man what a hit I told you you kept
running like that we were eventually
gonna get a fumble and now we're
pitching it back right here Barry
Sanders just spinning around not getting
anything too crazy but we're going to be
at a second in inches now back up with
Barry looks like he's about to break
that 46 but he is gonna get tackled down
3rd and 16 now Bo Jackson we gotta roll
out we got to do something wait for
these routes develops and you know we're
gonna wind up throwing the pic there but
it was definitely a great effort and
we're gonna turn that football right
back to my opponent at the 38 man
started the fourth quarter he's slinging
it now you cannot burn Antonio Cromartie
the entire game how many episodes this
event that a Antonio Cromartie he's over
there dominating the left side of the
field he is rom and here we are boge
axon once again man bo Jackson runs the
Wildcat like no one's business off to
the races nobody's touching a member 90
sit down somebody get them a sandwich
cuz that's another touchdown and we are
in here 28 27 now on a third and 14 how
to send a little heater and my opponents
going to be forced to part mr. football
looking to get one more touchdown before
the game ends challenge was accepted and
we have accomplished it man we're gonna
walk out of here man with the W but
we're looking to get into the end zone
one more time as we find Steve Young
coming up with the catch man nice catch
by Steve hopefully we can break one with
Steve Young here we are with Bo Jackson
though he's just falling forward picking
up first downs running people over
two-minute warning first and ten Bo
Jackson man there's the hole and we are
going to take a huge ankle breaker into
the Enzo miss like I said guys if you
want to see more challenges in the
future be sure to drop a like on the
video the more like I gets the more I
know you guys want to see it also i have
another thing for you guys now a lot of
people been talking about Joe Montana
football i have a link in the chat make
sure you click that link put your email
address in the official joe montana
website and you'll be able to play the
game early man definitely definitely
check it out make sure you click
link down below as always guys smack
that like button subscribe if you do any
till tomorrow peace